ghrɛ_i-burn
ʣhɛp_3-be possible
ʔɛt_i-say
ʣhɛm_i-disappear
ŋɛn_i-sit
ghaŋ_i-agree
ghɛr_i-have an insomnia
ŋɛl_i-play a trick on
ka_t-eat
khɛp_t-be about to 
kɛt_t-bite
sak_t-choose
khlɛm_t-bewitch
jaŋ_1-sift, steal little by little
wɛr_1-mind (an objection)
jal_t-beat
phɛl_t-damage
phrɛpt_t-scratch
rɛtt_t-settle
krakt_t-force
ghrɛmt_t-be disguted by
pɛnt_t-attack
kaŋt_1-put on (the oven)
ʣe_i-say
rep_i-stand
ŋet_i-hurt
ʦek_i-be hard, be stingy
jem_3-be too late to harvest
len_i-visit shortly
bhreŋ_i-be lazy
bher_i-fly
ʔel_3-overflow
khlep_1-peel
set_t-kill
dhek_1-wipe
phlem_t-tread
ghle_1-worship
ʦheŋ_t-hate
ner_t-finish
thel_1-take off
kept_t-climb; sting
rett_t-laugh at
rekt_t-write
lemt_t-coax
ʦhent_t-recognize
reŋt_t-cause trouble
dhert_t-suit
ʦhelt_2-be clear
pi_i-come (level)
ʣhip_3-get spoiled (pumpkin)
ʣhit_i-get wet
ghik_3-be entangled
lim_3-sprout
ŋin_i-be afraid
biŋ_i-look nice
dil _i-be badly affected
bi_t-give
khip_1-cook
sit_t-give up; leave
kik_1-tie
ʦhim_t-push to the other side
siŋ_t-ask
ʦir_1-pile up bricks
ɦil_1-knead
ʔipt_t-put to sleep
sitt_t-heal (shaman)
ghrikt_t-hold
mimt_t-think
ŋint_t-be afraid of
ʦhilt_t-be dissatisfied with
ɦo_i-come
sop_i-be full
jot_i-look like
ʔok_3-crow
ʦhom_i-dance
ʦon_i-jump
khoŋ_i-come
bhor_i-grow
ghol_3-grow in width
phlo_t-help
ʔop_t-shoot
rot_t-hit a target
phrok_t-untie
lom_t-look for
ʦoŋ_1-add
khor_1-fry
tol_t-push
sopt_t-beat
bhrott_t-call
ɦokt_t-shout at
ʔomt_2-ripen
bont_t-touch
noŋt_t-accuse
dhort_t-be useful for
kolt_t-chase
su_i-itch
ɦut_3-burn
ʣhuk_i-escape
ghrum_i-be tired
khun_i-fall down
ghur_i-run
ʔu_t-take care
gup_t-hide
lut_t-tell
phuk_t-wake up
dum_t-meet
ɦuŋ_t-wait
sur_t-wash
gul_t-cover
ɦutt_t-burn, reveal the culprit
kukt_t-bend; take revenge
tumt_t-follow tracks
phlunt_1-take off (clothes)
thuŋt_t-stab
kurt_t-bring for
